Document the Calavera 2.3.0 release journey (#351)
schalkneethling/create-project-calavera: docs/release-with-confidence/references/release-gates.md

# Release gates and recovery reference

> Use this reference to select checks for the project at hand. Do not copy commands blindly: discover

Author: ```suggestion
Use this reference to select checks for the project at hand. Do not copy commands without consideration: discover
```

- private package flags;
- version groups, linked versions, ignored packages, and base branch;
- internal dependency ranges;
- static applications and deployment inputs;
- desktop/mobile versions and platform release configuration;
- build outputs and artifact upload paths;
- published schema or catalog files consumed by hosted applications.

Check for timing hazards. A hosted UI must not advertise package behavior that is not yet available to
users. Gate newly exposed features by their minimum compatible package version, or deploy only after
the matching package is published.

## 2. Branch and version gates

Before feature integration:

- update the stable branch from remote;
- create the issue before the branch when required by repository policy;
- use an issue-linked feature branch;
- keep structural moves separate from behavior changes where practical;
- use an integration branch for a large train of dependent pull requests;
- preserve contributor attribution.

Before versioning:

- confirm the worktree is clean;
- confirm the local stable branch reference is current;
- list pending release notes and affected packages;
- compare calculated versions with the release inventory;

> - reject vacuous success, unrelated private packages, and synchronized bumps that were not intended.

Author: Please use plainer language than "vacuous", for example
